during the night for the radio show is
7pm Center times we get into the topic
should people hide their sexuality from
family and friends now I'm pretty sure
most of you have seen the new pictures
or Bruce Jenner I mean you see it on the
screen that's one of the pictures of
Bruce Jenner night calling itself
Caitlyn Jenner it broke the Internet of
wherever they like to saving somebody
kind of do something viral in one day it
was all over the TV was everywhere all
these people is celebrating this even
present United States take time out of
his day to tweet Caitlyn Jenner but he
can't tweet about other things I mean
but that's aside the point right now I
have a lot of pinyon about this but I
will reserve my opinion for the radio
show because I was too used to me seeing
my opinions here if I can't say it on
the show so call this a 347 996 3350 you
can watch the show live on evite show
com the link is always being the
stretching box I want to thank everyone
that downloaded the advice show media
app am I looked in Google this morning
we have over 500 downloads on the app
and I look at that it's great I don't
know how I was going to go and until we
got up there I haven't checked itunes
yet but I want appreciate everyone they
have downloaded the app to try to stay
connected everything that we have going
on here I also want to thank people who
have donated people have donated that
really helps because you are investing
and helping me to bring this all the
time there's a lot of people say now
like what you do keep exposing this keep
doing this keep doing that well for me
to keep exposing and for me to keep
doing this and keep doing that it
requires finance because it calls your
time software things that you have to
buy trust me everything is you looking
at right now I can name all the top of
my head how much it costs of course I'm
not going to do that so that's not
tactful but understand things calls from
the microphone you see to the time we're
into this the shirt the screen the
background the chair I'm sitting in
anything you looking at is a cost and so
it definitely does help me to put more
out there when you know people want to
invest into what we have going on here
and the more we have people helping us
out we can grow and we grow bigger and
bigger I have so many ideas I'm not
gonna sell my ideas well so many ideas
that are really get the message out
there to do things that I've always
wanted to do to reach other people but
it's going to take time and as we grow
we're going to get there now I've you
know bring more people in to help out to
create you know jobs for other people
always for them to get extra incomes
nobody is going to do nothing for
Phillip for free because I don't believe
in that I don't do that hook a brother
up system don't do that I believe in
somebody something for you you need to
pay them for whatever they're doing it's
that simple so the thing is we could
make this missions go much further with
time and I have no problem waiting my
time I tell people all the time i really
be The Tortoise and the hare any day
because when you are the tortoise you
grow slowly but you learn a lot of
lessons along the way versus when you're
the hair you get to the top too quick
you didn't learn new lessons in between
and you crash as fast as you went to the
top so we do not want to be the heroine
to be the tortoise but you know the
ideas that we're going to present and
the few messages and some things that
we're going to do I think you're really
gonna enjoy it some things you're going
to have to alleviate on my end to make
sure that happens but in the meantime
we're going to keep presenting the
things that we present here if you don't
like racism being exposed unsubscribe
from this channel if you don't like
talking about things that's based on
facts and truth unsubscribe from this
channel because there's a lot of people
are noticing racist roles they get mad
that they want to hear about bad things
or black people I'll talk about that
you like that sort of thing but I'm
probably gonna expose your crap most of
the time because that's what's causing
most of the problem anyway so if you
don't like it don't watch but checking
out tonight on the radio show make sure
you call in you know there's a lot of
people that they have a lot of comments
to set on the internet you can call my
show talk to me on the phone front
everybody I don't bite I can't do
nothing through the phone because some
of y'all lil to cussing first and call
me names all the internet call me on my
show because it's always quiet when I
say call me on the show I mean what you
keyboard warrior say something then
that's all I'm saying I mean she'll
everybody what you got to say include
myself but take me on the show tonight
and see it